---
title: About Me
---
No much to say, really. I'm Simone from Italy (better known online as **Raz**) and I am a freelancer **web designer** & *mostly* **Frontend developer**. I have a strong passion for tech in general and I am an *old* gamer (by the actual standards 🧓) - I love the **rogue like** genre, **arcade**, **hack'n'slash** (Diablo, anyone?) and obviously the goods olds **FPS** like CS, Quake, Doom, COD (yeah, COD is getting better).

Let's jump to the question I'll eventually have to answer:
> Why keyboards and keycaps?

Why not? :glob-emoji{emojy="i-fluent-emoji-saluting-face"}

One of my first encounters with a **mechanical keyboard** was circa 1995, when my dad brought home our first personal computer: it was an IBM Model M. Growing older I moved to mainstream keyboards and then I snatched a PS2 Filco Majestouch with NKRO.

::img-lightbox
---
alt: Filco
src: /filco-majestouch.jpg
---
::

Now I buy custom things, recolored switches, and expensive abs plastic like all of you guys 😎

> Why a website?

Cause I want to share with you **my works**! One of my hobbies is **photography** (and I studied it too) but I had nothing to shoot for during the 2020 March lockdown; that's why I started learning [Blender](https://www.blender.org/). The next thing I remember, I was modeling GMK caps and working on my first keyset [GMK Avanguardia](https://raz.works/projects/keycaps/gmk-avanguardia). You can expect me to sometimes update the website with my new projects but if you want to get more involved or chit chat during the day, I am part of [Clicky Clack Club](https://discord.gg/H9HCJ4k) (Italian mech community) and I have opened just now - at the time I am writing down this page - a [personal Discord server](https://discord.gg/Mn2Ty3y).

If you're curious, this website is built on top of [Gridsome](https://gridsome.org) and it's completely **free** of any **tracking crap** like Google Analytics. Feel free to check the source code 🤖 

> What about now?

I am waiting for **GMK Avanguardia** to go GB soon™; meanwhile I am helping people from the community getting some works done by **rendering** and **creating stuff**. I am **always open to commissions** as this is my actual side job! You can contact me on **Discord** or via **mail**, you can find the contacts at the end of this page 👽

PS: my English is like the one of your 4-year-old cousin, so contact me for corrections, I'll be forever grateful to you!

PPS: if you find any bugs, see above 🤖
